>> Jen Kramer: So, we're almost done.
We're almost done.
Just a tiny little bit left to go.
So, we've done so
much work on these buttons.
Let's go on ahead and
set up a hover state for this.
Sound good, since we're here?
So, what will my selector look like?
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Jen Kramer: Colon hover correct.
Calc button, colon hover and
I think the background color is
gonna get a little bit lighter.
Bbcbe, that's from your list,
and I missed a b, bbbcbe.
So, now we'll have a nice
hover state on those buttons.
>> Jen Kramer: So pretty, wow,
this color should actually be ebebeb.
And then, there's an active state.
>> Jen Kramer: Active, and
that active state was bbbcbe, thank you.
Now active state,
anyone know what active state is?
I haven't really spent a lot of time
talking about the active state of a link.
Active is the moment after
you click something, but
before the page has loaded or
before something happens next,
okay, so in the dial up days this
was a really important state.
Now that many of us live on broadband we
also never see the active state anymore.
But, it's got coded so
we'll go ahead and add it.
It may never be seen but
Okay, so what have we got left
to do on this calculator?
There's really like two
big things left to do.
Here's what ours looks like.
Here's what the spec looks
like What do we need to do?
>> Speaker 2: We need to make
that zero span that triple space.
>> Jen Kramer: Yeah,
we need to do a triple.
We needed to code something up here to
make the zero stretch and what else?
>> Speaker 2: On the top, we need to find
a way to make that C do double space and
have the other ones together on the right.
>> Jen Kramer: Correct,
we need to make the C go double, right?
So basically,
we need to code that double and
then that triple that we
put it on our HTML, right?
Anyone have any suggestions for
how we should do that?
What property are we manipulating?
>> Speaker 3: Flex?
>> Jen Kramer: Is it flex?
Not flex.
>> Jen Kramer: Flex.
>> Speaker 3: Flex spaces?
>> Jen Kramer: Spaces,
correct the flex basis property
is what we're concerned with.
So, we're going to have a class for
double.
>> Jen Kramer: And we're going to
have a class for triple, right.
>> Jen Kramer: So, anyone wanna take
a guess at what the number might be for
double or for triple?
>> Speaker 3: 50.
>> Jen Kramer: 50?
>> Speaker 3: Or perhaps 49.5.
>> Jen Kramer: Something like 49.5?
Yeah, he's actually got exactly 49.7,
so, flex hyphen basis.
49.7.
The way he's coded this, again,
because he didn't use the borders,
he's doing some higher math here in order
to make these buttons stretch and fit,
and the lines look good and
all the rest of it.
He probably started with something like,
well if you double the flex basis there,
24.5 times 2.
You get 49 that was probably a little bit
too small made the borders a little bit
too fat.
So, he tried a couple of different
numbers, and 49.7 looked good.
So that's probably how he got that number.
And then, for
triple what are we gonna put in here?
Some some number that's close to that.
>> Speaker 3: 74.7
>> Jen Kramer: 74.7 that's a great
guess Cassie he's got
74.8 [LAUGH] well done.
Okay, go ahead and save that.
So, some kind of number like that.
And,if you refresh wow.
So, that look like a really
hard layout to start with.
But in fact, when you break it down,
the way I showed you,
thinking about how many rows how
many columns, what do we need to do?
What is each element going to do?
Sometimes believe it or
not, it sounds really dumb.
But, when you say these things
out loud I need to have
a button that stretches
across three columns.
I need to have a button that
stretches across two columns.
Sometimes things will click in your head
when you actually think about the question
in that way.